Kapacitor 1.6.0 release notes (#2682)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/kapacitor/v1.6/about_the_project/releasenotes-changelog.md

    parent: About the project
---

## v1.6.0 [2021-TK]

### Features

> - Support Flux tasks in Kapacitor CLI. <!-- https://github.com/influxdata/kapacitor/pull/2559 -->
> - Run Flux tasks with built-in Flux engine. <!-- https://github.com/influxdata/kapacitor/pull/2555 -->
> - Add Zenoss alert event handler. <!-- https://github.com/influxdata/kapacitor/pull/2484 -->
> - Route kafka alerts to partitions by ID, and allow for configuring the hashing strategy. <!-- https://github.com/influxdata/kapacitor/pull/2493 -->
> - Pull in authorization code from Kapacitor Enterprise. <!-- https://github.com/influxdata/kapacitor/pull/2512 -->
> - Add a node `tricklenode` that converts batches to streams (the inverse of `windownode`). <!-- https://github.com/influxdata/kapacitor/pull/2530 -->
> - Enable new-style Slack apps. <!-- https://github.com/influxdata/kapacitor/pull/2560 -->
> <!-- - flux tasks skeleton in Kapacitor <\!-- https://github.com/influxdata/kapacitor/pull/2544 -\-> -->
> 
> ### Bugfixes
> - Fix a panic in the scraper handler when debug mode is enabled. <!-- https://github.com/influxdata/kapacitor/pull/2564 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add Kapacitor Flux task commands to the `kapacitor` CLI.
- Add built-in Flux engine to support Flux tasks in Kapacitor.
- Add Zenoss alert event handler. 
- Route Kafka alerts to partitions by ID, and support hashing strategy configuration .
- Add user-based authentnication
- Add TrickleNode (`trickle`) that converts batches to streams (the inverse of `windownode`). 
- Enable new-style Slack applications.

### Bugfixes
- Fix a panic in the scraper handler when debug mode is enabled. 
```
